GH-98831: Implement super-instruction generation (#99084)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2022-10-28-22-24-26.gh-issue-98831.IXRCRX.rst

> We have new tooling, in ``Tools/cases_generator``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new tooling, in ``Tools/cases_generator``,
```

Conventional framing for a NEWS entry, per the devguide, is imperative (or at least some form of "Add(ed|s)/Removes/Changes etc).

> to generate the interpreter switch from a list of opcode definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to generate the interpreter switch statement from a list of opcode definitions.
```

Maybe a little clearer? I was confused for a second what this was referring to until I recalled reading the issue where you described this, which mentioned this implementation detail of the core interpreter.

> This affects only people who are adding or modifying instruction definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only affects adding, modifying or removing instruction definitions.
```

* It sounds a little strange to frame it in terms of "people" in a changelog, as opposed to actions
* Doesn't it affect removing opcodes too?

The instruction definitions now live in ``Python/bytecodes.c``,

> in the form of a custom DSL (under development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the form of a `custom DSL (under development)
<https://github.com/faster-cpython/ideas/blob/main/3.12/interpreter_definition.md>`__.
```

I found it a little hard to follow that the DSL was introduced but not described here, then there was a not directly related sentence, and then a bare link to the DSL. I suggest just linking it here, which is also more concise.

The tooling reads this file and writes ``Python/generated_cases.c.h``,
which is then included by ``Python/ceval.c`` to provide most of the cases
of the main interpreter switch.

> The DSL is described at
> https://github.com/faster-cpython/ideas/blob/main/3.12/interpreter_definition.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Moved above
